{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c50196\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Palringo Technical Task
\b0\fs34 \
\

\fs28 This is a simple Flicker photo viewer. \
It displays a list of photo from the Flicker REST api. \
There are several out standing tickets that need to be completed before the app can begin testing.\

\fs34 \
Please complete the following issues.\
You can use Swift or Objective-C.\
The issues are in priority order.\
\
\

\b\fs36 \cf2 Bug
\fs28 \
Current Behaviour
\b0 \
The app becomes unresponsive when trying to load new content.\
\

\b Steps to reproduce
\b0 \
On a fresh install attempt to scroll down the list\
The UI locks up and sometimes remains unresponsive\
\

\b Expected Behaviour
\b0 \
The app should remain responsive when scrolling the photos\cf0 \
\
\
\

\b\fs36 \cf3 Feature 1
\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see photos by other photographers\
\

\b Expected Behaviour
\b0 \
The user should be able to choose a photographer from some kind of list. The main screen should then be populated by their chosen photographer. The title at the top of the screen should reflect the chosen photographer.\
\

\b Developer Notes 
\b0 \
The list of pre-approved photographers in a enum in the 
\f1 FlickrFetcher
\f0  file.\
\
\
\

\b\fs36 Feature 2
\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see the comments for each photo.\
\

\b Expected Behaviour
\b0 \
A details view controller should be presented when a user taps a photo in the photo list. The detail controller should show the full photo, un-cropped, with the relevant comments and the name of the user who has commented. Layout is up to the developer. \
\

\b Developer Notes 
\b0 \
A method has been added to the 
\f1 FlickrFetcher
\f0  to get the comments. \
Some comments use HTML\
\
\cf0 \
\

\b\fs36 \cf3 Feature 3
\b0\fs28 \
Users would like to see the profile picture of the selected photographer.\
\

\b Expected Behaviour
\b0 \
The photographers profile picture should be shown on the main screen. It should be placed in the navigation bar on the leading side. \
\

\b Developer Notes 
\b0 \
The 
\f1 Photographer 
\f0 enum has the profile picture urls\cf0 \
\
\
\

\b\fs36 \cf4 On going improvements
\b0\fs28 \
Feel free to refactor anything you see fit.}